order fastfood online;choose the type of food you want 
order fastfood online;place the order 
order fastfood online;make sure the food is delivered 
order fastfood online;choose the delivery service 
order fastfood online;pay for the delivery service 
order fastfood online;wait for the order to come 
order fastfood online;take the delivery 
order fastfood online;eat the food 
order fastfood online;go online and select the menu that you want 
order fastfood online;go to the store 
order fastfood online;select what you want to order 
order fastfood online;type your name and address in the box 
order fastfood online;enter your order in the basket 
order fastfood online;pay the total and receive the item at the counter 
order fastfood online;leave the store 
order fastfood online;go to website 
order fastfood online;select what you want 
order fastfood online;call the company 
order fastfood online;tell them what you want 
order fastfood online;have your credit card or debit card ready 
order fastfood online;wait for them to take your order 
order fastfood online;enjoy the food 
order fastfood online;look at what you want 
order fastfood online;select from menu 
order fastfood online;get phone 
order fastfood online;call them 
order fastfood online;tell them what you want 
order fastfood online;go to phone 
order fastfood online;pay and then wait for it to take 
order fastfood online;eat 
order fastfood online;get your receipt 
order fastfood online;make an order for food 
order fastfood online;get an order of food from a grocery store 
order fastfood online;enter the internet to order food 
order fastfood online;call the store to order food 
order fastfood online;pick up food 
order fastfood online;pick up phone and call the store to place order 
order fastfood online;pay the bill 
order fastfood online;pick up the food 
order fastfood online;take food to the drive-through window 
order fastfood online;have food prepared 
order fastfood online;drive the car to the drive-through window 
order fastfood online;eat the food 
cook in a microwave;get a pot and pan 
cook in a microwave;fill pot with water and salt 
cook in a microwave;place pan on stove 
cook in a microwave;turn heat to medium 
cook in a microwave;wait until water boils 
cook in a microwave;place a drop of water into the bowl 
cook in a microwave;add meat in bowl 
cook in a microwave;take meat out of pot 
cook in a microwave;put meat into strainer 
cook in a microwave;put meat in pan 
cook in a microwave;stir meat until done 
cook in a microwave;eat the meat 
cook in a microwave;plug in the microwave 
cook in a microwave;turn on the microwave 
cook in a microwave;wait for the time it's ready 
cook in a microwave;plug in the oven 
cook in a microwave;wait for the time it's ready 
cook in a microwave;cook the food 
cook in a microwave;remove the food from the microwave 
cook in a microwave;enjoy 
cook in a microwave;plug in and turn on the microwave 
cook in a microwave;place some water in the microwave 
cook in a microwave;place a cup of water on the plate 
cook in a microwave;put a spoon in the water 
cook in a microwave;add salt and butter to the water 
cook in a microwave;stir the butter and salt 
cook in a microwave;take the spatula out of the microwave 
cook in a microwave;pour in the food 
cook in a microwave;turn the stove on to heat 
cook in a microwave;remove the food from the microwave 
cook in a microwave;put a plate of the food on a plate 
cook in a microwave;get ready to cook. 
cook in a microwave;open the microwave. 
cook in a microwave;set the desired time on the machine. 
cook in a microwave;wait for the time to be set on the machine. 
cook in a microwave;put food into the machine. 
cook in a microwave;when it's done put the food into the plate. 
cook in a microwave;eat. 
cook in a microwave;put water in microwave 
cook in a microwave;put food in water 
cook in a microwave;stir slowly 
cook in a microwave;turn on microwave 
cook in a microwave;wait for food to cook 
cook in a microwave;eat 
cook in a microwave;throw away unused water 
cook in a microwave;turn off microwave 
answer telephone;take the phone 
answer telephone;answer the phone 
answer telephone;speak to the receptionist 
answer telephone;let the receptionist know what kind of order you want 
answer telephone;wait for your order to be called 
answer telephone;ask for your order to be called 
answer telephone;get your order 
answer telephone;hang up the phone 
answer telephone;leave the store 
answer telephone;get phone 
answer telephone;dial number 
answer telephone;find out phone number 
answer telephone;answer 
answer telephone;hang up 
answer telephone;call back 
answer telephone;dial the number that is answered 
answer telephone;give a name to the person 
answer telephone;give the person your location 
answer telephone;ask what's the problem 
answer telephone;answer the call 
answer telephone;pull phone from pocket 
answer telephone;put in answering machine 
answer telephone;answer 
answer telephone;hang up 
answer telephone;repeat 
answer telephone;put phone on speaker 
answer telephone;tell operator i'm calling 
answer telephone;listen to operator 
answer telephone;get the right number 
answer telephone;wait for the person to call 
answer telephone;ask for details 
answer telephone;hang up 
buy from a vending machine;walk into store 
buy from a vending machine;look at available items 
buy from a vending machine;take items to the register 
buy from a vending machine;go buy item 
buy from a vending machine;leave store 
buy from a vending machine;drive to the store 
buy from a vending machine;go to the counter and ask for order 
buy from a vending machine;order food 
buy from a vending machine;get my receipt 
buy from a vending machine;go to the front counter 
buy from a vending machine;tell the cashier what order I want 
buy from a vending machine;hand my card to the cashier 
buy from a vending machine;pay 
buy from a vending machine;go back to the counter 
buy from a vending machine;drive to store 
buy from a vending machine;find the correct amount of merchandise 
buy from a vending machine;buy it from the employee 
buy from a vending machine;enter the store 
buy from a vending machine;pay for the merchandise 
buy from a vending machine;leave the store 
buy from a vending machine;enter store 
buy from a vending machine;wait in line 
buy from a vending machine;purchase item 
buy from a vending machine;leave 
buy from a vending machine;get receipt 
buy from a vending machine;arrive at the right store 
buy from a vending machine;choose the correct product 
buy from a vending machine;enter information 
buy from a vending machine;wait for your item to be called back to you 
buy from a vending machine;pay for your item 
buy from a vending machine;wait for your item to be returned 
buy from a vending machine;take your item back to the counter 
tie shoe laces;find shoes 
tie shoe laces;find your shoes 
tie shoe laces;find laces 
tie shoe laces;take the laces 
tie shoe laces;put them on 
tie shoe laces;tie them on 
tie shoe laces;put your shoes on 
tie shoe laces;take out shoes and shoe laces 
tie shoe laces;place the laces on your shoe 
tie shoe laces;knot the laces at one end of the string 
tie shoe laces;tie the laces at the other end of the string 
tie shoe laces;repeat with all other shoes 
tie shoe laces;find shoe 
tie shoe laces;put shoe on the ground 
tie shoe laces;remove shoes from the ground 
tie shoe laces;find laces 
tie shoe laces;place shoes in the correct place 
tie shoe laces;find out a nice shoes that can help you get your shoes on. 
tie shoe laces;put on a nice pair of shoes and shoes. 
tie shoe laces;start tying the knot using your nails or a needle and thread. 
tie shoe laces;make sure you don't loose the knot. 
tie shoe laces;tie knot and place shoe on ground. 
tie shoe laces;put shoe back on. 
tie shoe laces;get shoes 
tie shoe laces;put on shoes 
tie shoe laces;put shoes on the floor 
tie shoe laces;put shoes on the other shoe 
tie shoe laces;tie a knot at the end of the laces 
tie shoe laces;use the shoe laces as a knot 
tie shoe laces;tie more knot's 
tie shoe laces;tie the end of the laces 
brush teeth;pick up toothbrush 
brush teeth;rub the bristles with the toothbrush 
brush teeth;pick up the sponge 
brush teeth;place the sponge on the toothbrush 
brush teeth;brush the toothbrush thoroughly to remove any debris 
brush teeth;rinse the sponge and place it back on the toothbrush 
brush teeth;repeat brushing until the toothbrush is no longer wet 
brush teeth;rinse the toothbrush and put it back on the toothbrush 
brush teeth;repeat the brushing until the toothbrush is dry 
brush teeth;rinse the toothbrush and place it back on the toothbrush 
brush teeth;turn on water 
brush teeth;get the brush 
brush teeth;wait for water to warm 
brush teeth;get the teeth washed 
brush teeth;brush teeth with toothbrush 
brush teeth;rinse out the water 
brush teeth;get the toothpaste 
brush teeth;wash teeth with toothpaste 
brush teeth;rinse out the toothpaste 
brush teeth;brush the teeth 
brush teeth;rinse out the water 
brush teeth;get toothbrush 
brush teeth;find toothpaste 
brush teeth;put toothbrush in mouth 
brush teeth;place a little bit of toothpaste on the brush 
brush teeth;scrub the teeth 
brush teeth;rinse the toothpaste out of the mouth 
brush teeth;repeat this for all teeth 
brush teeth;go into bathroom 
brush teeth;turn on water 
brush teeth;put toothpaste in mouth 
brush teeth;brush with toothbrush 
brush teeth;get toothbrush from bathroom 
brush teeth;use toothbrush to clean teeth 
brush teeth;put toothpaste back in mouth 
brush teeth;leave bathroom 
brush teeth;get into the car 
brush teeth;drive to the dentist 
brush teeth;check in 
brush teeth;wait to be called 
brush teeth;walk into the room 
make ginger paste;get some water 
make ginger paste;put a teaspoon of water into a bowl 
make ginger paste;add some ginger paste to it 
make ginger paste;whisk the paste with a fork 
make ginger paste;mix the ingredients well with a spoon until a paste forms 
make ginger paste;put some water on a tray and let it soak for a bit 
make ginger paste;turn the tray over 
make ginger paste;put some oil on the tray to keep it from sticking 
make ginger paste;put the tray on a tray to let it get good and hot 
make ginger paste;keep stirring till you get a good paste 
make ginger paste;use the paste to make paste with the ginger and sugar 
make ginger paste;turn the tray over again to cool 
make ginger paste;keep using the tray to get more paste until all the water has been taken away 
make ginger paste;get a bunch of ginger. 
make ginger paste;turn on burner. 
make ginger paste;put ginger in a bowl. 
make ginger paste;put a drop of milk in the bowl. 
make ginger paste;stir it up. 
make ginger paste;add a little water. 
make ginger paste;turn burner on low. 
make ginger paste;stir a bit. 
make ginger paste;use your fingers to spread paste on a plate. 
make ginger paste;eat it. 
make ginger paste;heat water 
make ginger paste;add oil 
make ginger paste;add paste to water 
make ginger paste;stir until paste is evenly cooked 
make ginger paste;add sugar and salt 
make ginger paste;pour paste on plate 
make ginger paste;get some sugar and salt. 
make ginger paste;get a food processor. 
make ginger paste;add sugar and salt to food processor. 
make ginger paste;pulse the food processor until you get a thick paste. 
make ginger paste;put the food processor away. 
make ginger paste;grab a little pot 
make ginger paste;fill with water 
make ginger paste;put a pinch of salt in water 
make ginger paste;pour water into pot 
make ginger paste;heat water 
make ginger paste;boil water 
make ginger paste;put paste in pot 
make ginger paste;put pot on stove 
make ginger paste;when water boils, put pot on stove top 
make ginger paste;stir until paste becomes bubbly 
go for a wedding;decide on a wedding outfit that matches the color of the venue 
go for a wedding;drive to the venue 
go for a wedding;look at the dress in the store 
go for a wedding;decide on the shoes 
go for a wedding;wait in line 
go for a wedding;give name to clerk 
go for a wedding;wait until the clerk gives your ticket 
go for a wedding;give your ticket to the clerk 
go for a wedding;go to the reception 
go for a wedding;watch the ceremony 
go for a wedding;watch the reception 
go for a wedding;return to your car 
go for a wedding;drive home 
go for a wedding;go to reception. 
go for a wedding;go to the reception area. 
go for a wedding;take your guests to your place. 
go for a wedding;give your dress and shoes to the reception. 
go for a wedding;sit down and eat. 
go for a wedding;leave the reception and go home. 
go for a wedding;put on your gown and take your guests. 
go for a wedding;walk back to the reception and sit at a table. 
go for a wedding;eat your food and drinks. 
go for a wedding;sit down and watch a movie. 
go for a wedding;walk out of the reception and go home. 
go for a wedding;put on your favorite dress and put shoes on. 
go for a wedding;leave reception and leave the reception area. 
go for a wedding;make a list of things to do at a wedding 
go for a wedding;drive to the venue 
go for a wedding;find a car 
go for a wedding;arrive at the venue 
go for a wedding;enjoy the ceremony and reception 
go for a wedding;find a good wedding dress 
go for a wedding;make a choice of colors 
go for a wedding;call friends and family 
go for a wedding;ask if they would like to go to the wedding 
go for a wedding;get in car 
go for a wedding;drive to the wedding 
go for a wedding;arrive 
go for a wedding;take an itinerary 
go for a wedding;get dress 
go for a wedding;buy flowers 
go for a wedding;go to the ceremony place 
go for a wedding;have the groom do his work 
go for a wedding;greet guests 
go for a wedding;talk to guests 
go for a wedding;enjoy the ceremony 
attend a wedding;get dressed in proper attire. 
attend a wedding;leave the house. 
attend a wedding;drive to church. 
attend a wedding;go in and give them a hug. 
attend a wedding;sit in pew. 
attend a wedding;go to the store 
attend a wedding;purchase a dress 
attend a wedding;go home 
attend a wedding;take off the shoes 
attend a wedding;put on the dress 
attend a wedding;call friends 
attend a wedding;invite them to come 
attend a wedding;drive to the venue 
attend a wedding;get dressed in appropriate attire 
attend a wedding;drive to the reception 
attend a wedding;go to the reception 
attend a wedding;show up at the reception 
attend a wedding;dress up in a nice outfit 
attend a wedding;drive to the church 
attend a wedding;go inside 
attend a wedding;watch the ceremony 
attend a wedding;leave the church 
attend a wedding;drive to the cemetery 
attend a wedding;go back to church 
attend a wedding;sign the guest book 
attend a wedding;walk into the house 
attend a wedding;give the flowers to the couple 
attend a wedding;give the cake to the couple 
attend a wedding;say goodnight 
attend a wedding;leave the house 
attend a wedding;find out who your guests are 
attend a wedding;pack a small outfit for the occasion 
attend a wedding;drive to the venue 
attend a wedding;park in the lot 
attend a wedding;wait in line 
attend a wedding;enter the ceremony room 
attend a wedding;sit quietly 
attend a wedding;give and accept compliments from the couple 
attend a wedding;speak quietly to friends and family 
wash a car;turn off car 
wash a car;grab towel and bucket of water 
wash a car;get car in bucket 
wash a car;add soap 
wash a car;wet car 
wash a car;remove car 
wash a car;rinse off with water 
wash a car;dry car 
wash a car;put away car 
wash a car;put car in washer 
wash a car;turn on washer 
wash a car;wait for washer to finish 
wash a car;remove and wash car 
wash a car;put away wash cloth 
wash a car;go to the carwash 
wash a car;go in to the carwash 
wash a car;change into proper clothing 
wash a car;wash car 
wash a car;rinse out 
wash a car;put in the proper vehicle 
wash a car;leave the carwash 
wash a car;remove any other items from the car 
wash a car;grab towel 
wash a car;put cloth over cloth 
wash a car;take clean cloth and get car 
wash a car;wet car 
wash a car;put the car in the washer. 
wash a car;turn it on. 
wash a car;wait for the washer to finish. 
wash a car;pour shampoo into the washer. 
wash a car;remove the car. 
wash a car;clean the car thoroughly. 
wash a car;remove the car. 
wash a car;put car back in the washer. 
wash a car;wait for it to finish. 
wash a car;remove the car. 
wash a car;remove the washer. 
wash a car;put it in the duster. 
wash a car;hang up the car. 
take out trash;pick up a piece of trash 
take out trash;pick up trash bags 
take out trash;put trash bags in trash can 
take out trash;put trash cans in trash can 
take out trash;throw away trash 
take out trash;walk to dumpster 
take out trash;pick up trash 
take out trash;dump trash into recycling 
take out trash;throw away trash 
take out trash;gather trash 
take out trash;take trash bags 
take out trash;dispose of trash 
take out trash;pick up trash 
take out trash;put trash bags in trash box 
take out trash;pick up trash 
take out trash;put trash bags away 
take out trash;put trash in trash can 
take out trash;pick up trash when done 
take out trash;dump trash 
take out trash;put trash into recycling 
take out trash;put trash in recycling bin 
take out trash;throw trash in trash can 
take out trash;put trash into bag 
take out trash;take trash from bag to trash can 
take out trash;put garbage into trash can 
take out trash;pour cleaner into trash can 
take out trash;remove trash 
take out trash;put trash in trash can 
take a taxi;enter the building 
take a taxi;approach the driver 
take a taxi;tell the driver where you want to go 
take a taxi;put your bag down 
take a taxi;wait for the driver 
take a taxi;get your payment 
take a taxi;wait for the driver 
take a taxi;get the ride 
take a taxi;call the taxi 
take a taxi;get into the car 
take a taxi;drive to the street 
take a taxi;find the car 
take a taxi;wait for the driver 
take a taxi;pay the driver 
take a taxi;get out the driver 
take a taxi;wait for a cab 
take a taxi;wait for the driver to arrive at your destination 
take a taxi;get in the cab 
take a taxi;wait for the driver to get out of the cab 
take a taxi;give him your luggage 
take a taxi;walk to the exit 
take a taxi;get out of the taxi 
take a taxi;call a taxi 
take a taxi;wait for the taxi 
take a taxi;park in the spot the taxi is parked 
take a taxi;wait for the taxi to arrive 
take a taxi;get in the car 
take a taxi;call a taxi 
take a taxi;get inside the taxi 
take a taxi;wait for the driver 
take a taxi;drive to where your destination is 
take a taxi;pay for your fare 
surf the internet;find a surfing website 
surf the internet;sign up with credit card 
surf the internet;purchase internet from the website 
surf the internet;wait for online payment 
surf the internet;sign out of account 
surf the internet;get out of internet service 
surf the internet;go to the computer 
surf the internet;log on to the computer 
surf the internet;type in your e-mail address 
surf the internet;enter the URL of the website you want to surf 
surf the internet;enter the password you used on the computer 
surf the internet;click on the appropriate button on the website 
surf the internet;enter your name on the form 
surf the internet;click on send this link to a friend 
surf the internet;enter your password and send it to a friend 
surf the internet;close the browser window 
surf the internet;return the form. 
surf the internet;log onto the internet 
surf the internet;type in the address of the website you want to watch 
surf the internet;go to the website 
surf the internet;check the ratings on the website 
surf the internet;choose the appropriate pay-per-view movie 
surf the internet;go to the page you want to watch 
surf the internet;sign up for the account 
surf the internet;choose the video you want to watch 
surf the internet;go to the website 
surf the internet;view the video, if you wish to. 
surf the internet;go to the exit of the website 
surf the internet;log off the internet and leave 
surf the internet;choose your favorite web sites 
surf the internet;surf the web 
surf the internet;decide which website to surf 
surf the internet;go to your website to find a link 
surf the internet;read the content 
surf the internet;enjoy! 
surf the internet;get in a car. 
surf the internet;drive to a surf park. 
surf the internet;put on sunglasses. 
surf the internet;go to a website. 
surf the internet;select a surfing spot. 
surf the internet;find a surfboard. 
surf the internet;wait for surfers to join you. 
surf the internet;surf! 
watch television;turn on the television 
watch television;adjust the television 
watch television;read the screen 
watch television;get ready to watch the television 
watch television;take a piece of paper and a pencil 
watch television;take out the television and put it in the room 
watch television;take a piece of paper and a pencil and take it to the bathroom 
watch television;open the door of the bathroom and sit down 
watch television;watch the television 
watch television;enter room 
watch television;turn on TV 
watch television;sit down and watch the show 
watch television;enjoy. 
watch television;set up appropriate signal 
watch television;set up appropriate settings on the TV 
watch television;set up the cable or satellite 
watch television;start watching the program 
watch television;when the program ends, switch off the TV 
watch television;enter room. 
watch television;find a good movie to watch. 
watch television;get a movie. 
watch television;watch it. 
watch television;get up and leave room. 
watch television;get up 
watch television;get under the covers 
watch television;turn the television off 
watch television;turn it on 
watch television;read newspaper 
watch television;listen to some good music 
watch television;enjoy the show 
go to a club to dance;walk into the club 
go to a club to dance;walk into a dance 
go to a club to dance;pay to dance 
go to a club to dance;get dancing shoes 
go to a club to dance;sit down and dance 
go to a club to dance;choose music to dance to. 
go to a club to dance;drive to club. 
go to a club to dance;purchase drinks. 
go to a club to dance;enter club. 
go to a club to dance;go to booth. 
go to a club to dance;enter room. 
go to a club to dance;find a seat. 
go to a club to dance;dance until finished. 
go to a club to dance;get dressed. 
go to a club to dance;drive home. 
go to a club to dance;walk in 
go to a club to dance;find a place where you can dance 
go to a club to dance;go up to the bouncer and tell them you're there 
go to a club to dance;go over the rules of the dance 
go to a club to dance;give your tickets to the bouncer 
go to a club to dance;ask the bouncer if there is a dance floor 
go to a club to dance;wait for your turn 
go to a club to dance;go to club 
go to a club to dance;dress in black 
go to a club to dance;walk into club 
go to a club to dance;buy shoes 
go to a club to dance;go up to bouncers 
go to a club to dance;tell bouncers what you want to drink 
go to a club to dance;give them your number 
go to a club to dance;go into booth with your drinks 
go to a club to dance;go to the back of the club 
go to a club to dance;wait for your turn 
go to a club to dance;go to the front of the club 
go to a club to dance;pay for your drink 
go to a club to dance;get your drinks from the bouncers 
go to a club to dance;leave the club 
go to a club to dance;dress in a dark colored outfit that matches the dance floor 
go to a club to dance;drive to the club 
go to a club to dance;purchase your tickets at the front desk 
go to a club to dance;check in at the front desk 
go to a club to dance;enter the club 
go to a club to dance;get to your seat 
go to a club to dance;start dancing to music and dancing up and down the floor 
go to a club to dance;exit the club 
go to a club to dance;walk home 
